ROBYN YOUNG
15 Applegarth St.
Sometown, NY 55555
Home: 718-555-5555 
Cell: 917-444-4444
somename@somedomain.com 

 
ENTRY-LEVEL ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT
PROFILE

Administrative support professional offering versatile office management skills and proficiency in Microsoft Office programs. Strong planner and problem solver who readily adapts to change, works independently and exceeds expectations. Able to juggle multiple priorities and meet tight deadlines without compromising quality.
 

EDUCATION

ABC SCHOOL, Sometown, NY
Executive Assistant Certificate, 2008

Relevant Courses:
Project Management for Executive Assistants
MS Office for Professional Staff
Electronic Presentations for Business Professionals
Keyboarding and Document Formatting
Communication Skills for Executive Assistants
Finance for the Non-Financial Manager
Professional Office Procedures
Professional Development:
Microsoft Office Specialist (MOS), 2007
KEY SKILLS

Office Skills
Office Management
Records Management
Database Administration
Spreadsheets/Reports
Event Management
Calendaring
Front-Desk Reception
Executive Support
Travel Coordination
Computer Skills
MS Word
MS Excel
MS PowerPoint
MS Outlook
MS Access
MS Project
MS Publisher
FileMaker Pro
Windows
EXPERIENCE

ABC SCHOOL, Sometown, NY
Assistant / Practicum, 2007 to 2008

Handled multifaceted clerical tasks (e.g., data entry, filing, records management and billing) as the assistant to the registrar and admissions offices. Coordinated travel arrangements, maintained database and ensured the delivery of premium service to students. Quickly became a trusted assistant known for "can-do" attitude, flexibility and high-quality work.

Highlights:
Communicated effectively with multiple departments to plan meetings and prepare welcome packages for new students. Established strong relationships to gain support and effectively achieve results.
Helped coordinate dozens of recruitment events (average of 12 large gatherings per year) that contributed to consistently high enrollment levels.
Entrusted to manage office in the supervisor's absence. Provided timely, courteous and knowledgeable response to information requests; screened and transferred calls; and prepared official school correspondence.
Co-developed comprehensive, 60-page training manual that enabled faster ramp-up for newly hired support staff.
Developed innovative PowerPoint presentation used by the Office of Admissions to market executive support programs to potential students.
Earned excellent marks on performance reviews, with citations for excellence in areas including work volume, accuracy and quality; ability to learn and master new concepts; positive work ethic; and commitment to providing unsurpassed service.
 